---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Younique
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2018-05-01
labels:
  - Design patterns
---

  If someone asked you to go from point A to point B, how would you do it? Obviously, I mean with your consent and yada yada so don't get on my case about that kind of stuff. Anyway, getting back to the topic, how would you? Perhaps let's add a few more details. You're in a large, open room with nothing in it. You're standing in the middle of the room and are asked to walk to a point that's, let's say, twenty feet in front of you. Do you take the direct approach and walk straight to your destination like a fun-hating robot? Or do you do some loopty loops and a few figure eights to get there like an absolute madman (or madwoman). Point is, there are a lot of ways to do even the simplest of tasks. Why did I elaborate on something so mundane? Well since you asked so nicely, this brings up the topic of design patterns. After a quick Google search, I found that the definition of a design pattern is generally a reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem. Shoutouts to Wikipedia for that one. Even Googled that for you in case you didn't know. But now that you do know, do you see the relation. I should also probably mention that these solutions are not the end product and are, in fact, a template that which you can base your... whatever on. Relating to my previous example, this is essentially saying that a design pattern could be the solution of walking to point B but not telling you how to do it. It leaves you to figure that part out. And that's pretty cool because I never really thought that that was an actual thing. Well I know that, for example, code can be written in many ways just like that of an essay which is why any sensible teacher can sniff out plagiarism like a dog smells treats. You can give the excuse "but we were working together so our work is similar" but let's be real, one of you cheated (or maybe even both). Everyone has their own unique way of writing/coding which makes your work different from everyone else’s. With all that said, it got me thinking. This applies to everything I do, especially as a programmer.
  
   Coding is all about problem solving. You get a task to do this or do that and then you just get to work. Sure, you may get hints or help along the way if it's something difficult but at the end of the day, you come up with your own solution. Unless they tell you explicitly how they want it, as I said before, getting to point B can be done in any way you want. A lot of times it's important to not give you an actually completed product because you need to stir your own creative juices and tackle the problem. This is where design patterns may stray from an actual pattern and the real innovators could be the ones that stray the furthest. I mean, they could also be wackadoodles but that's okay too. Point is that the design pattern could be the pattern that you follow, essentially your own unique style, rather than a pattern that everyone follows. We create our own unique patterns in how we tackle our problems which becomes evident by the way we produce our solutions and I think that, is pretty cool.
